New proposal: Lightweight same-type requirements for primary associated types (#1538)
apple/swift-evolution: proposals/0346-light-weight-same-type-syntax.md

  ```swift
  func transform(_: some Sequence<some Equatable>) -> some Sequence<some Equatable>
  ```

  Note that in the above, the opaque result type `some Sequence<some Equatable>` is unrelated to the opaque _parameter_ type `some Sequence<some Equatable>`. The parameter type is provided by the caller. The opaque result type is a (possibly different) homogeneous sequence of elements, where the element type is known to conform to `some Equatable` but is otherwise opaque to the caller.

### Other positions

There are three more places where constrained protocols may appear:

- In the inheritance clause of a concrete type, for example:

  ```swift
  struct Lines : Collection<String> { ... }
  ```

  In this position it is sugar for specifying the associated type witness, similar to explicitly declaring a typealias:

  ```swift
    struct Lines : Collection {
      typealias Element = String
    }
  ```

- As the underlying type of a typealias:

  ```swift
  typealias SequenceOfInt = Sequence<Int>
  ```
  
  The typealias may be used in any position where the constrained protocol type itself would be used.
  

> - As a member of a protocol composition in any position where a constrained protocol type is itself valid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As a member of a protocol composition, when the protocol composition appears in any position where a constrained protocol type would be valid:
```
